hi I'm Dan told our producer on spider
house we wanted to create a experience
in spider house is very reminiscent of
the original games so we use the
original games of the roadmap so there's
a lot of stuff that you'll find to be
familiar from like the audio escape go
to the environment characters we went
through the original games and identify
it like about a dozen characters that
were critical to franchise that we
wanted to like bring back for the next
generation now and then beyond that you
know the music and the side-scrolling
levels that we've implemented so we lock
the camera down and you played left to
right right to left and you you know
it's 3d assets a majorly a 2d world so
beautiful it'll treat her like those
people that girls love in the original
game is going to be resumed games for
like where to start and then we take it
from there we reference a lot of horror
movies so there's a lot of like Sam
Raimi Peter Jackson references in there
and those are solid self comes from our
comic book history our art team has a
lot of team members that are from the
comics industry has been very successful
working
working with DC and dark horse you can
see a lot of that like a character
design in the character style in like
the heavy shaders that bring out the
contrast of the blacks in the
environment and then you know we got to
make sure that we make the red pop out
so we spent a lot of time on red
trying to keep the violence kind of in a
tongue-in-cheek kind of manner so yeah
you know it's all monster centric you
never really liked attacking humans
there's never really like violence
against women or into anything like that
because we definitely consider that kind
of like too far but anything beyond that
is pretty much fair game as far as we're
concerned we use that extra time to make
sure that it's what the trans one is how
the Masters want you know we we had a
lot of potential and we we had a chance
now to go back and make sure that it
really hooked and played to the best of
the ability to focus on the blood and
the core and make sure that was great to
look at fun to interact with
you
there's just so many fun ways to destroy
things I punch one guy until you know is
concussed basic explode or you step on a
guy's back and snap is fine and tariff
in half I mean that's just good fun you
know we have all three of the original
classic games as a lot full so you can
play through the story mode and get
splatterhouse one two and three and that
is the original japanese uncensored
version of spider house one